hey guys today I'm here with a case
review that is the law of a pro
adventurer ultra-slim 100 now I got this
for my nikon coolpix l120 from ebay ebay
lock in and here it is it arrived two
days back I've used it for two days and
i'm here to give you a user review so
first thing it doesn't come in the back
it just comes in a plastic wrapper like
this just like this with a tag attached
to it just on so here it is let me open
it so let's first you first of all you
can see this soft line lining which is
padded so it gives pretty good
protection to your camera whatever that
is it is specifically made for altruism
cameras you see that a big space it
comes with a band and the tag which
gives the name and the details will keep
it here so first of all the bag itself
it's a small form factor it's not pretty
it's not that big it fits perfectly my
camera actually the nikon coolpix l120
it fit fit it perfectly so inside the
bag you get to memory card slots that is
two of them here yes fat F back of a
side pocket for four batteries you see
four batteries and there is the inside
it's fully padded so it's gonna protect
your lens everything it comes with a
spacer I have it right here let me take
that ok it comes with this spacer in
here if you have if you want to use this
work at
for a smaller camera and use the other
health do maybe include your exes reason
like charger etc so this is the case
itself so let's get into the
specifications for that I've got this
one it says no way bro invented in
California fabricating China or whatever
it is the adventurer ultras number 1 100
love a prologue oh nice logo so okay
let's get into the specification here's
some nutrition and one two three four
five six languages brushed tricot lining
water which the way process this is how
the cameras are supposed to be held you
can see two memory card slots batteries
camera itself they use the divider as
extra protection for the lens okay I
don't care about that one too much okay
sleeping room door okay is this side
though other specifications doin recalls
okay the dimensions are 6.3 width I
think they are ninjas okay 2.8 death
three points we height in inches the
centimeter wait wait three alvey's or
point 15 kgs that's good yes again okay
this is what you will get in with it
quick grab handle that is this one that
is this is a quick grab handle which
well as the name suggests lets you grab
it quickly and off top trigger then just
go detachable shoulder strap which is
this one I i use this one yeah rather
than the handle so
exterior back slash pockets ok that is
this small pocket here which is by the
way it has orange lining it's not padded
but it has colored orange fabric inside
it maybe I i actually use this one to
carry my charger without the cable ok
just my charger here in here if you put
the charming there it does stick out you
can see that here the imprint comes here
I won't suggest that I just keep just
use this to store my lens cleaning cloth
so I think that would be a good way so
I'm besides that out there's not much on
the tagged just that the specifications
and I've been using this one for two
days now so i have to say i'm pretty
happy about what i love April offers for
a ultrazone camera I i have seen the
case logic one for the ultras or months
i liked it but it was too expensive this
one i got it for about 9 45 with
shipping and wait for it it was i got a
tripod that is one foot tripod and i'm
actually using that to film this one
right now so i think it's pretty good
with that ball you know all something
it's pretty good and i've been i'm using
it and yeah this one is pretty good and
the shoulder strap is really adjustable
with this us what should I say swimming
fees attached with a plastic one I would
rather have like a metal spring loaded
things because I think this will snap
out because this doesn't seem to be free
a good quality because I think it will
be it will slap out so that's it if you
can attach it anywhere you like because
it has those turnable joints so yeah
there it is the sling is adjustable
fully adjustable anywhere so it's cool
there you can open this quickly closing
won't be that quickly but um it's cool
you can take the camera out I have timed
and two seconds you can take the camera
out well one second if you're faster
than me that is so I use this spacer in
cyber world the real CD is there so that
I get a more protection with my insert
the bat charger in here so that a LCD
isn't scratched in any way kind of phone
so this is my this was my review of the
lowepro adventure authors who adventure
ultra zoom 100 case thanks for watching
please subscribe for more videos and
thumbs up bye